If you're considering joining the navy I think you need to think very
carefully about it. Remember it's not something you can decide to do
today and quit doing it tomorrow, it does involve you signing up for
a period of time but I've known people who joined the navy for a million
different reasons and a lot of them found out that the navy did
not satisfy the need they thought it was going to satisfy, but it
did bring about some change in them that was a good positive change
that they were anticipating. But I think the main thing is is when
you go sign on the dotted line with the recruiter knowing that you've
signed on the dotted line to serve that many years and they're not
gonna wanna let you go.